(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
You will
duel me,
won't
you?
Hold up!
If I accept, I'm gonna
have to put my Numbers
on the
line, right?
Of course.
But Yuma, we'll both
be dueling for Numbers
and for our
very survival.
Survival?
I activate a
Barian Sphere Field!
(both)
Let's duel!
I overlay both my
Level 4 Battlin' Boxers!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Battlin' Boxer Lead Yoke!
I'll turn it over
to you now, Yuma.
It's now or
never, Utopia!
Give it all
you've got!
Strike Lead Yoke with
Rising Sun Double Flare Slash!
(roar)
(explosion)
(shouting)
(Astral)
This Barian Sphere Field is
starting to drain my powers...
just at the moment Yuma
will most need my help!
♪
♪ Still
together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip
up today ♪
♪ You just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the
final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us
fight together ♪
♪ Regret
it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach
down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep
breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪♪
♪
(Yuma)
This duel
is awesome!
Hope you're
ready for round two
'cause it's gonna
get even more extreme.
Bring
it on!
We can take anything
you throw at us!
Those two
are so alike.
Yeah.
They're both
out of control.
Yuma, be
careful!
And away
we go!
For starters, I summon
Battlin' Boxer SwitchHitter!
And I'll immediately follow
that up with the spell card
Battlin'
Boxing Spirits!
Now I have to send
the top card in my deck
to the
graveyard.
But here's the
fun part, Yuma.
If it's a
Battlin' Boxer,
then I can summon a
different Battlin' Boxer
from my
graveyard.
(Alito)
Great!
Guess
what, Yuma.
I just drew Battlin'
Boxer Counterpunch!
I'll send it
straight to the graveyard
so I can summon
the champ himself,
Battlin' Boxer
Headgeared!
All right
SwitchHitter,
time to use your
special ability!
When I use it to Xyz Summon,
it counts as two monsters!
Something
big is coming!
I know!
I've been taking it
far too easy on you!
Not anymore,
though!
Especially
now that I have
three Battlin'
Boxers to overlay!
Just
watch this!
With these three monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
Feelin'
nervous yet...
'Cause you
should be!
I Xyz Summon
Number 105:
Battlin' Boxer
Star Cestus!
(growling)
That Number
is over 100!
Such Numbers
should not even exist!
But
they do!
And we have to find
a way to stop this one!
Star Cestus take
out Yuma's Number!
Demolish
his Utopia!
But Utopia's
way too strong!
Your Number
doesn't stand a chance.
I don't really
care, Yuma,
'cause I'm goin'
for broke anyway!
Star Cestus, attack
with Stardust Impact!
Alito would not try
this unless he had
some other
surprise in store.
Yeah,
I know.
But just in case,
I'll use an Overlay Unit
to deflect
the attack!
Go Light
Wing Shield!
That won't
stop me!
I use an Overlay Unit to
activate my Numbers ability!
When Star Cestus has fewer
attack points than Utopia,
it can't be
destroyed in battle,
and this battle can
no longer be stopped!
Oh, yeah.
I forget to mention
you take all the damage
that should
go to me!
I take it?
I suggest you brace yourself,
Yuma, for a very big impact!
2,500
points?
That's
right!
And there's nothing
you can do to stop it!
(roaring)
(Yuma)
Utopia,
watch out!
(shouting)
♪
With that, I put
one card facedown
and turn it
over to you!
I really don't like
how this is going!
Alito's move caught
him by surprise.
He better turn things
around quick or else.
That Barian's
relentless!
Having fun?
Or are my superior skills
spoiling the duel for you?
I'm gonna sweep this
sphere with you and your deck!
I believe the time
for having fun is over.
We are in
great danger!
I know!
If we lose
to Alito,
it could be our
last duel ever!
But I also know
there's something different
about
this duel,
something I
never experienced!
You and I have competed against
all kinds of duelists before.
We always battled
hard to gather Numbers
and to keep our opponents
from winning our Numbers.
But when I
duel Alito,
it becomes about
more than winning!
I wanna
high-five the sky
and I can sense that
Alito wants the same thing!
I see,
Yuma.
There is much at stake,
but you must stay true
to what your heart
is telling you.
I too will
try to have fun.
Let us
high-five the sky!
I draw!
You wanna
test your skills?
Try beating Astral and
me when we merge our might!
Are you
ready, Yuma?
Yeah!
(both)
Time to
feel the flow!
Astral!
Yuma!
(gasping)
(explosion)
(Astral)
When two distant
souls become one,
the power of
Zexal is revealed!
Go Zexal Morph!
♪
That's the most incredible
thing I've ever witnessed!
I can sense this duel is
about to get even more intense!
Looks to me like
Yuma and Astral
may still have
a fighting chance.
Go get
'em, Yuma!
I activate
a spell card!
Xyz Treasure!
For every Xyz Monster on
the field, I can draw one card!
Since I have Utopia
and you have Star Cestus,
I've got two
cards coming my way!
♪
All right,
Utopia!
Let's
do this!
(both)
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Come and show your
magnificent might,
Chaos Number 39:
Utopia Ray!
♪
But
it's weaker!
Why did Yuma and
Astral summon Utopia Ray
if they were gonna
lose 2,500 attack points?
Relax.
They know what
they're doing.
Star Cestus can only
use its special ability
when the opposing monster
has more attack points,
but those two are
now evenly matched.
Are you all
set, Astral?
We will strike Star
Cestus with all our might!
Come on!
Show me what your
monster's made of!
Utopia Ray!
Attack with Rising
Sun Chaos Slash!
Star Cestus,
don't hold back!
They're just gonna
destroy each other!
(growling)
(crashing)
(explosion)
Both our monsters may
have been destroyed,
but one of 'ems
making a comeback!
I activate
Xyz Stand!
A spell?
That's right.
With the power
of this card
I can revive
my Utopia Ray
but its special
abilities are negated!
Return to us,
Utopia ray!
♪
They planned to
bring it back all along!
Although risky,
it was our only sure way
of destroying
Star Cestus!
By dueling together
as one, we're unbeatable!
That's
so cool!
I guess it's true that
great minds think alike,
'cause I did the
exact same thing!
What?
(Yuma)
You're bringing
your Number back, too?
Check
it out!
(both)
How is that?
(roar)
It's simple, Yuma.
I activated Xyz Stand,
just like you did!
He had the same
strategy as us!
And since I used Xyz
Stand to summon Utopia Ray,
it's not
allowed to attack.
I'll have to
end my turn.
It's
your move!
We had a
mission, Alito!
But all you care
about is duelin'!
This is the kind of
duel I always dreamt of!
It's awesome!
Whenever I
start pulling ahead
you battle
right back!
It's the best
duel ever!
And I win it all, 'cause
I'm totally feeling the flow!
You may be
feeling the flow,
but I'm
feeling fierce!
(roaring)
There's much more to
me than meets the eye!
Barian
Battlemorph!
I can't believe Alito had
to go to this extreme to win!
♪
(screaming)
He's transforming!
Now we'll have to battle
Alito in his Barian form!
♪
Ah, yes, this
is much better!
If you ask me, that
is not an improvement.
(Yuma)
He's gonna be even
tougher to stop now,
but we've
gotta find a way.
Now that I am
in my true form,
I can use all my
power against you!
We will soon learn who
the greater duelist is.
It
is me!
♪
I'm
ready.
Then let us
continue our duel!
I draw!
I activate the same
spell you used before,
Xyz Treasure!
Since there are two Xyz
Monsters on the field,
I can draw
two cards.
With our monsters
so evenly matched,
these will
come in handy!
Now I activate the spell
Rank-Up-Magic-Barian's Force!
I don't like
the sound of that!
He plans to use that
spell to rank up his Number!
I overlay my Rank 4
Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus!
♪
(explosion)
It is the most
frightening force of all,
ultimate chaos!
It is the
uncontrollable energy
that threatens to throw the
whole universe into disarray!
♪
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
♪
From the outer
realms of the unknown
comes Chaos
Number 105!
Battlin' Boxer
Comet Cestus!
♪
He'll try to blast us
with everything he's got!
Worried?
You should
be, Yuma!
Comet Cestus, use
your special ability!
Watch
and weep!
Using one
Overlay Unit,
Comet Cestus will
destroy your Utopia Ray,
then deal you damage
equal to its attack points!
If this works, it'll
be game over for Yuma!
No!
I activate
a trap!
Overtraining!
Overtraining
prevents Utopia Ray
from being
destroyed this turn!
Clever move!
But even though you stopped my
Chaos Number's special ability,
I am not
backing down!
Comet Cestus,
attack Utopia Ray!
Go Celestial Burst!
(explosion)
(moaning)
Yuma!
We took damage, but at
least we saved Utopia Ray.
I thought I
finally had you beat!
I'll put one card
facedown and end my turn.
Your move!
No one ever stopped my
Comet Cestus like that.
I cannot believe
you pulled that off!
Defeating you is the greatest
challenge I have ever faced!
The pressure is
on you two now.
To win, you will have to
battle as never before!
I know you will
hold nothing back!
Let us see if you have
the skill to defeat me!
Alito... this duel
has been incredible.
I wish it would never
end, but it has to...
You cannot
falter now, Yuma!
Do what
you must!
I will give this duel my all
until the very last attack
and so
should you!
He's right.
Indeed,
he is.
Alito is a
truly worthy foe.
He deserves
our best.
Yeah,
I agree.
Well,
Yuma?
Alito, you gave
it your best,
and now we're
returning the favor!
You ready?
More
than ready!
A truly powerful duelist can
shape the outcome of a duel...
He can even generate the very
card that he needs to draw!
Go
Shining Draw!
So far,
so good.
I got the card I want
and I'm summoning it now!
Mighty king
of the sky,
dive to our aid
and bring us victory!
Presenting
Zexal Weapon:
Eagle
Claw!
We don't need to tribute in
order to summon this monster
if you have 2,000 or
more life points than us.
It will not be
enough to vanquish me!
Yes,
it will.
Especially after Yuma equips
Eagle Claw onto Utopia Ray!
You said it,
Astral!
Utopia Ray's gonna get a
2,000-attack-point power up!
Eagle
Charge!
Do it,
Utopia Ray!
Strike
Comet Cestus!
I am cancelling that
attack by activating
Counterpunch's special
ability from my graveyard!
When I banish
Counterpunch,
I can activate a trap
card from your graveyard!
And guess which of your
traps I'm going to choose?
(gasps)
Yes, it's
Battle Rush!
Thanks to
your card,
Comet Cestus cannot be
destroyed by your attack,
and you take all the
damage I would have taken.
Not if I activate Eagle
Claw's special ability!
It stops
your trap card
so I can still
destroy your Comet Cestus!
I expected
that move!
And I can counter
it all too easily
with my trap
Corkscrew Counter!
Not only does it negate
Eagle Claw's special ability,
but it also inflicts you
with 500 points of damage!
500?
I only have 200
life points left!
They're
finished!
Looks like
it's all over!
Victory
is mine!
No,
Alito!
You're
wrong!
I'm activating a
trap card, Last Chance!
You activated a trap
from my graveyard before
and now I'm gonna
return the favor!
You are activating
one of my traps?
That's
right!
I choose
Counter Clash!
It negates and destroys a
trap activated during battle.
Destroying your
Corkscrew Counter!
And also, doubling
the damage from this battle!
Utopia
Ray,
Eagle
Counter Magnum!
♪
Now follow up with
Rising Sun Chaos Eagle Slash!
♪
(screaming)
Alito!
Alito,
are you okay?
Let me
help you up.
(laughing)
Now that duel
was truly epic!
Yeah, but our next
one will be even more!
Mm-mm.
What do
you mean?
Is there
something wrong?
Hey,
Astral.
My Number
belongs to you now.
♪
Astral,
wait!
I cannot absorb
Alito's Number.
♪
It's time
for me to go.
Goodbye.
And thank you!
Wait...
Don't go!
He
has to.
(gasping)
What's the
matter, Astral?
Tell us
what's wrong!
Please!
Astral!
♪
This isn't
Barian World.
Whoever
brought me here,
show
yourself!
I'm not
foolin' around!
Where
are you?
(laughing)
It's you...
Astral,
what's going on?
I wanna
help you!
Talk to me,
please!
(gasping)
(Girag)
Alito, you're
in bad shape!
What
happened?
Tell me!
Attacked...
Who did
this to you?
It's...
Ray...
Alito!
Come on, you gotta
try and hang on!
Alito!
♪